Updated Registration details (#54)
bioinformatics-hub-ke/BOSS22: pages/en/register.markdown

- Reproducible Research
- Research Data Management
- Project Planning and Management
- Workflow Management Systems
- Open-source software/ tools
- Ethical aspects in data science
- Pathogen Genomics
- Human/ Animal Genomics
- Plant Genomics
- Evolutionary Genomics
- Antibiotic-resistant germs
- Vector-borne diseases
- Diseases in food animals
- Human-animal bond
- Contamination of water
- Careers in open science
- Alternative career paths in genomics
- Working and studying outside Kenya

### The review process
Papers will be selected via a rigorous double-blind peer-review process on OpenReview, with submissions and reviews being private until a decision is made. Reviews and discussions of the accepted papers will be made available after acceptance. All accepted papers will be presented at the Conference as contributed talks.

### Key dates
The planned dates are as follows:
- Online conference sessions: 26-29 April 2022
- Abstract submission deadline: 4th April 2022
- Abstract notification: 18th April 2022

> - Registration open: 10th March 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registration open: 16th March 2022
```

### Submission Link

> Submissions are done in Open Review. Follow this link: [Register Here](https://openreview.net/group?id=bioinformatics-hub-ke.github.io/BOSS/2022/Conference)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submissions are done in Open Review, [submit here](https://openreview.net/group?id=bioinformatics-hub-ke.github.io/BOSS/2022/Conference).
```

### Submission Guidelines

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Author: They are quite a lot of details in the guide

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Reviewer: Then perhaps add a link to the wiki? Expect that viewing on the webpage is nice than the wiki.

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Reviewer 2: I think we can just add them at the end of the Call for Abstracts

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Reviewer: However, this should not be a point of contention.

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Reviewer: Let me know when ready for another review.

> Visit our wiki pages for Abstract submission guidelines

Reviewer 2: I agree, we can merge as is then can update later.
